ah bumble cloud Christmas hi it's me
Santa
Oh I'm here to wish everybody a Merry
Christmas I got right here little nut
sack it's my magical nut sack to make
good presents to make it's always
[Music]
supposed to be Santa Claus do you ever
come to who the kid woman how dare you
ask me a question like that that is
faced en route Carly Davis Santa Claus
do you ever come to the ghetto what I
arrived at the house I expect cookies
and Newt miss Carly Davis I went to your
place and instead I found Excel sir
water crackles and a big jewel box trick
cookies I'm milk Oreo cookies chocolate
chip cookies not so bad Excel to water
crackers tasties Patties what else y'all
give me you have been naughty naughty
naughty not nice this next letter is
from a boy called Santa I have been good
since the eighties why the rush you make
a button win election over me
PS I bet anything in rigged the election
naughty naughty is from an anonymous
dear Santa can you please tell my friend
and if stop spread rumor of a sexual
orientation well how did it get in here
ah somebody tell me something it wasn't
him this wasn't into anything this model
looks like a comes from a little boy
dokkan dokkan right dear Santa I would
like a toy tree if you know get that
rods for me this year me I was shot oh
you're lucky say live it or not pull it
too cold and that's why I never shot you
the first time
just make sure you have the titrated
said don't cut up here that I am do to
me but piss me off
oh oh oh I didn't mean it I'm Santa I
love everybody oh oh
let's see what else we have in my
magical bag of tricks
[Music]
eggnog I hate dancing with no big belly
month big belly month
don't you touch me which oh I want a
pony one I want a pony month I want a
pony but I want ah but you see the indie
party boy while I'm asleep I'm so crazy
yeah see deeply that's time we're in see
my room
argon walking in that John Donne
Wonderland merry Christmas to everybody
in Jamaica